["Giddy Up" by TT The Artist playing]
[Mavis whooping]
Bonjour! I'm a designer!
Mavis Beaumont!
[in French] Oh. my name is Mavis. bitches!
[in English] That's her name!
I wanna motorboat all the croissants!
This is so much nicer than Paris. Texas.
Oh. this is us.
[in French] Stop!
[in English] Stop!
[in French] Please!
Does that work? Oh. it does work.
- [grunts]
- You say tour bus. I say scenic taxi.
[in French] Hey!
This is not your taxi. okay?
- Okay. merci!
- [driver speaks French]
[in English] Oh my God.
It all sound like "baguette. baguette"
to me.
Oh my God. baguette it. forget it.
This is amazing.
Expedia did their big one
with this shit. girl!
Um. it's the name of our hotel.
but it is not our hotel.
What do you mean?
Oh. we over there. At that hostel.
[Mavis] Well. when you book last minute…
It's. um…
It's got character.
It's giving. um… je ne sais… queef.
- Hello. Bonjour.
- Mm-hmm.
- Happens all the time.
- [Mavis] Really?
- That is Victoria Palace.
- Uh-huh.
This is Hôtel Victoire.
[in French] Welcome.
- Merci.
- [in English] Oh my God!
What is this door?!
Are they finished making this?
Is this under construction?
Look at that belly button of a doorknob.
It's in the middle. Oh my God. look.
I want to tickle it. Coochie-coochie-coo!
That's weird. Yuck.
Do you have an outie belly button?
You look like you do. Wanna show me?
Just kidding. you don't have to.
You want to?
Fair enough. All right. let's go see
what kind of colonial shit's goin' on
up these stairs.
Oh. it smells like
a 18th-century pap smear up in here.
[Nala] Mm-mm.
[funky beat playing]
♪ Okay
One time for the big girls in the crowd ♪
♪ Hey! Hear me now ♪
♪ Go on. sis. yeah
Show 'em how to work it out ♪
Ooh. honey. seven flights of stairs
and a hallway bathroom.
Was it even worth it. you know? Wow.
[Nala] Mm-mm-mm.
Yes. it was.
It's the view that got me.
sacré-motherfucking-bleu.
I know that's right.
Even if it means
we got to disinfect everything.
Yuck.
Here's your organic wipe
for your pum-pum. darling.
Thank you so much. my darling.
- Ah. get the hot spots.
- Please.
You know what's so crazy?
Two years ago.
I was… I was folding Natasha's panties
for her second closet.
and now we're in Paris.
going head to head with a fashion mogul.
Two years ago.
I was eating ramen over a trash can
while my ex was getting pegged.
You have lived a life.
Approximately nine.
Like a kitty cat named Nala.
Meowch.
Hoo! We put this renegade show
together quick.
Not bad. huh?
Considering I finished sewing these
from. like. an economy seat
flying over the ocean today.
I can't believe
I was gonna come here solo.
Thank God you are here with me.
Uh-uh. it's about you.
Everybody talks the talk.
but nobody walks the walk.
You don't know what it means
to see someone like you do what you do.
- You know what they say?
- Hmm.
Well-behaved women seldom make history.
- Be the change you wanna see.
- I know that's right.
Strong women. we ain't got attitude.
[both] We got standards.
- [farting]
- Okay? Oh my God!
[Nala] Mm-mm.
Were you here the whole time?
I couldn't hold it anymore.
But gas is like feelings.
you gotta let 'em out. right?
That sounds like
the call's coming from inside the house.
and the house is your ass.
[chilled electronic music playing]
I know you'll be called
for the housing lottery very soon.
Housing is one thing.
but I need work to keep us afloat.
[woman] He has been applying.
Indeed.com should change its name
to Not So Likely.
I promise. something will work out soon.
Yeah. and if it doesn't.
at least you'll be prepared for the worst.
Wh… What does that mean?
What Donnie means is that
we're here to help. and I promise we will.
Thank you.
- Bye.
- [Luca] See you soon.
[Donnie] Hey. Luca.
Word to the wise.
Never promise anything.
Keep expectations vague
so that no matter what happens.
they're not disappointed.
I don't mind giving them something
they can rely on.
My greatest skill is being unreliable.
Oh. which reminds me.
There's this girl. uh. Echo.
She wants me to do a DJ set
at her strip club tonight.
I've never touched a turntable
in my life. but
I'm gonna press play and see what happens.
And by pressing play.
I mean I'm gonna press her…
I already have plans.
With a friend. because I have friends.
- Khalil.
- Yeah. okay. I wasn't inviting you.
Uh. I'm just saying.
I practice what I preach.
[Mavis] Holy shit!
Baby's first renegade show!
Nala. tell me if you see Charles.
Actually. don't tell me.
Listen up.
if you drop something. leave it.
Don't bend over to get it.
Paris is gonna be
our lost and found box today.
Also. I'mma need you
to eye fuck everybody
in this blazer. okay?
Yes. I love the way
you're fucking my eyes right now.
Maureen. music!
[in French] Let's go!
♪ Bend your back. bend your back… ♪
[man] Come. come!
Everyone who loves fashion.
This is a fashion moment not to miss!
This is real genderfuckery. I love it!
I love it too! Go!
♪ Open your ♪
- [percussive electronic music continues]
- [lyrics in French and Martinican Creole]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Nala. this shit is good.
[in French] Give it up
for our lady of the hour.
fashion designer. Mavis Beaumont!
- [cheering]
- [in English] ♪ Bend your back ♪
♪ Bend your back. pussy ♪
♪ Move your back ♪
♪ Open your ♪
[lyrics in French and Martinican Creole]
- Mavis. look.
- What. what. what?
It's Sally. the journalist I invited.
Oh my God.
[in French] Hello. Mavis.
Hi! Oh my God. I'm such a fan.
I love your videos so much.
Your interviews are so inspiring.
Thank you so much. and I've been loving
what you've been doing in the industry.
and I love this collection so much.
- Thank you.
- You're very welcome.
Listen. today. girls.
I am covering for Vogue
the best Fashion Week looks.
and this blazer right here? It ate.
Are you serious? 'Cause I can't tell
if you're joking or not.
This is not a joke.
You're officially
the best new renegade of Fashion Week.
Congratulations!
Oh my God.
And I would also love to have you guys
on my guest list for the Vogue party.
- Would you?
- I don't know.
We have a lot of stuff to do.
I'm kidding!
We would love to come. Sally.
- That's what I wanted to hear.
- That's insane. Okay! Oh my God!
- Merci.
- Enchantée. bitch.
[in French] Bye.
- [in English] See you.
- See you.
[screaming]
Oui. ah. oui!
- [in English] You okay?
- Yeah.
- Dance it off.
- Okay.
Damn.
- ♪ Bend your back ♪
- [screams]
♪ Bend your back. pussy ♪
♪ Move your back… ♪
- I love it!
- ♪ Open your ♪
[Mavis] Whoo!
We got time to kill
before the Vogue party.
- Work hard. play hard. bitch.
- [bright music playing]
Ooh. this is gonna be so fun.
The view is so beautiful.
- Okay.
- Hi. hello. Two tickets. please.
Uh. so sorry. we are full.
No. you're not.
I see so many seats up here.
Can we just get on?
- Non.
- As in "no"?
- [Nala] Yeah.
- [Mavis] Yes?
And no. we cannot get on.
Is that what you're saying?
No. That's a no.
- No.
- That's a no.
Okay. We're just gonna take a picture
'cause I wanted this for my… content. so…
Actually. can you just
move over a little bit?
- No. I still see you. You're in it.
- [in French] Sir. sir.
- No. portrait.
- You gotta back up. brother.
Okay. please back up.
You know what? This is a better picture.
Okay?
This is exactly what I wanted anyways.
a tiny little coffee
with a tiny little macaron.
- Okay.
- Maybe smoke a tiny little cigarette.
- Start a tiny little revolution.
- Off with their tiny little heads.
- Hi. ça va? Table for two. please.
- For two.
[in French] We're closed.
[in English] Closed? How?
There's so many people here.
We reopen this evening.
What? But I just wanted
a tiny little bite. I'm so hungry.
[Nala] Okay. let's go.
Oh God.
[in French] Have a good day.
[in English] No. you "bor jenay".
Sorry. I'm really hungry.
You know what. Nala? I got an idea.
["Wacha Wacha" by Per Bluitgen Andreasen
& Yannick Kalfayan playing]
- [in French] Hi. welcome! How are you?
- We're doing well.
[in English] I'm gonna order in English
if that's okay.
We'd like to start with. um.
just one order of a--
No. no. no. no. no.
You want the stew. Very. very good.
- [Mavis] Is it?
- It's tasty. Mm.
- Okay.
- [server] And double fufu.
Because… Hmm.
You need to eat.
You're too skinny.
What?
- Too skinny? What? Okay.
- Too skinny! Get a sandwich! I like that.
My goodness. Well. merci beaucoup.
I think I love it here.
- Okay. No place like Black.
- Too skinny. Okay.
I'm gonna prepare it for you. Okay?
- Merci!
- Merci beaucoup.
I love Black Paris
just a little more than the rest of Paris.
[Nala] Yep.
[Jamal] I'm about to go for 30. fellas.
Sorry.
- Thirty what?
- Points. nigga.
[laughter]
Yo. Messi looking messy. Who mans is this?
Oh. man. that's… that's Luca.
That's Mavis's dude.
He cool. man. He cool.
Thank you for pulling up.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Somebody wanna tell Beckham
we not bendin' it today?
[laughter]
I should've asked which ball.
It's gonna be my first time playing.
but I'm sure I can keep up.
Khalil told me great things about you all.
Tony. you're not that short.
Hey. man. fuck you.
Every African king in history
was my height.
Okay.
[in Italian] Forgive him.
He's not well cultured.
Great!
[in English] Whoa. whoa. Clive.
since when do you speak Italian?
Since I'm half Italian.
- So. wait. you were Italian before today?
- All right. well. look.
Since you stuck babysitting.
and he looks a mess.
how about you go over there.
you take him. and we play three on two.
Oh. hold on. why am I on their team?
Because you Italian and shit.
Oh. you wanna cook? Let's cook.
Come on. Short king. hamstrings. let's go.
[Mavis] You better believe it. bitch.
I am the best renegade of Fashion Week.
What's he even gonna show now?
Oh. I can't wait.
Oh my God. Nala.
we're like a brown-titty Harold and Kumar
trying to get to White Castle.
We're like Keke and SZA
trying to get rent.
- Yeah. One of Them Days.
- Mm-hmm. Only one.
- Just one of them days.
- Oh. I think his show's starting.
[Mavis] Okay. here we go.
This is really good. This is good.
This is nice.
Oh! How do I hate someone so much but
also just. like. love something so much?
Very confusing.
- [Nala] Mavis.
- [Mavis] Oh my God.
- [Mavis] Nala!
- Are you fucking kidding me?
- Mavis.
He's still showing it.
The Black audacity.
It's not us
that needs to catch up to the world.
"It's the world
that needs to catch up to us." What?
He stole my line. and he stole my line.
He crossed so many fucking lines!
Mavis. That means he's gonna be
at the Vogue party.
We gon' fondue his ass.
["Chicha" by Ski Nautique ISHA. Laylow
& Walk in Paris playing]
[lyrics in French]
- [Mavis] Whoa!
- [Nala] Oh my God.
This is some VIP shit.
Oh.
- Ça va?
- Ça va.
Can I help you?
Yes. we are on Sally's list.
Mavis Beaumont and Nala Thomas.
We were just added.
and I have an email of confirmation.
and also. a really cute picture
with Sally. no filters.
- Cute.
- Cute. right?
Um. you are actually not on any list
for anyone ever.
- I'mma DM Sally right now.
- Yeah. do that. That seems very dramatic.
- Sorry.
- Oh. Mavis Beaumont.
You made it to Paris Fashion Week
after all.
Uh. by the way.
you not gettin' into the party.
You don't make those kinda decisions.
It's up to me
and this very small list on this iPad.
You have so much to learn.
but good for you for trying your best.
Oh. you wanna talk about the best?
I'll talk about the best with you
because I just made it
to the cover of Vogue point FR.
- Did you really?
- I did.
I… I was named the best renegade show
of Fashion Week.
It's here somewhere.
Not anymore. See. I'm the bigger name.
I'm the one who makes the decisions.
I know. I know. Sweetheart. you want…
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
[Charles] Is that seersucker?
Oh…
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm okay.
- Okay.
- Miss.
- Wha…
Kindly step away.
[speaks French]
[in English] Uh. I don't know what you
just said. but I do not like your tone.
Who cares about the article?
We're getting our photo.
I'll distract French Jeffrey.
you run upstairs.
- I'll fight security if I got to.
- Nala. no.
This is embarrassing.
People are looking at me
like I'm Omarosa in the White House.
You not gon' fight? Stop acting
like Ed Sheeran at the Met Gala.
You are Teyana Taylor
at the Golden Globes.
No. I can't do this.
Not when everyone's looking at me
like I'm Jasmine Crockett
at a hearing on a Tuesday.
I know I'm right. but I don't wanna be
the loudest in the room now. okay?
- So what are you gon' do?
- We're gonna leave. I'm tired.
These boots hurt. I'm jet lagged. and
you just gotta know
when to quit sometimes.
[playful music playing]
- [Khalil] Ready?
- [Tony] Let's get it.
- [Khalil] Let's go.
- Don't kick it.
[Jamal] Your man got a soccer shirt on.
Okay. what you got. huh?
- [Tony] Where you get this soccer player?
- Don't let him get to you.
[Tony] Come on.
[Clive] What? Whoa.
Whoa!
- Man. My man!
- [Tony] That was a lucky shot.
- First time.
- Stop him.
[Tony] I bet he can't do it twice.
[Clive] Hey. let's go. D-up. Tony.
Come on. man!
- [Tony] What the hell's going on. man?
- [Jamal] Yo!
- [Khalil] My man.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
- [Tony] What the hell was that?
- [Khalil] My guy.
- What you got now?
- [Jamal] D-up. D-up. D-up!
- [Tony] Come on. soccer player.
- [Clive] Ooh!
- [Khalil] Broke.
- [all] Oh!
- That was a goal.
- Bucket.
[Jamal] Lucky.
- Come on.
- [Khalil] Check ball.
- D-up. D-up. D-up!
- [Tony] Yeah. what you got?
- [Clive] I got it.
- [Tony] Come on.
- [Jamal] Play some D.
- [all] Oh!
[Jamal] You got this.
Looking like prime Kobe out here.
You nailed it. Rick Fox.
[groaning]
Time out. ref. Time out. Time out.
Tony. what are you doing?
This a pickup game. Ain't no refs.
Come on. man. Get up. bro.
- Be careful. He hurt his ego.
- He ain't hurt nothing. man.
Hey. hey. hey. Whose man is this?
Keep him away from me.
- Get off the court. Tony.
- Whose man is this?
[Mavis] I feel like Kamala
on election night.
I feel like Hillary on election night.
In fact. I feel like any woman
on every election night.
Come on. Mavis. Let's channel this energy
into something new.
No. This is my something new. okay?
You don't see me out here like Sanaa
getting my hair wet in the rain.
Come on. now. He's right.
The bigger brand always wins.
Oh my God. Wait.
Does this smell like Jade's armpit?
Smell like cheese to me.
Really? It's giving donation yoga mat.
Queso.
Oh. it smells like gasoline to me.
Oh my God. Wait. sis.
Do I have a chin hair right here?
I call it Harriet Tubman. You see it?
I see it. and I don't wanna.
Does that happen often?
- No. not really. Just like a full moon.
- Oh.
Or. like. um…
when my hormones are. like. outta control.
- They're wild right now.
- That's why you can't titty bump.
You 'bout to get your period.
No. I was actually supposed to get
my period like two…
I was supposed to get my period
like two and a half weeks ago. Wait. what?
- Wait.
- What?
Mavis. I ain't Grey's Anatomy. but…
[both] Wait. what?
[chilled R&B music playing]
[man] Hurry up. please. Excuse me.
[knocking on door]
I had a lot of cheese.
I'm gonna be a while.
Hey. babe. um. sorry about that.
I. uh… had to pay extra
for the private bathroom
'cause they charge you for everything
in here. but it's worth it
because I have some really big news
that I wanna tell you.
so please call me back
as soon as you get this. okay?
Ti amo.
[calm synth music playing]
[sighs]
You got something to fight for now. bitch.
[knocking on door]
- [music fades out]
- Merci.
Goddammit. this is a nice room.
[clears throat]
Okay. did… did… did Greta tell you
that this was my room?
I refuse to work with someone
who's willing to let the world believe
that I stole from them.
Mavis. you are doing a whole lot
over one blazer. It's one blazer.
Charles. it's bigger than the blazer.
Are you kidding me?
How long have you been working
with me? You don't even get it.
Man. I am creating
to make the world a more inclusive place
for me. for the next generation.
and for everyone to f…
You know what? No.
Do the blazer you wanna do.
Because obviously.
we are not doing the same thing.
So you flew across the ocean.
in presumably a middle seat.
to tell me that?
Actually. I got upgraded
to a window seat. but no.
I flew across the ocean to prove to myself
I could be a designer.
but I am realizing
fast and furious with no Vin Diesel
that we need to end this shit.
I am dissolving our partnership.
effective immediately.
- You're dissolving our--
- Yes. I am.
That's hilarious. Okay. Mavis.
Oh. I'm serious. Charles Rennie.
It's Renee.
ReMavessance is over.
You make your blazer. I'll make mine.
- You're ridiculous.
- Ridiculous?
- You are ridiculous. You just started.
- Okay.
You haven't even crossed the bridge.
and already you're burning it?
Sometimes you gotta burn shit down
to build it back up again.
Not that you would know.
[determined rock music playing]
- [music fades out]
- [Jamal] You slick nice. Luca.
You tried to G us
like you never hooped though.
I swear. it was my first time playing.
Hmm.
In America.
- Ah.
- [laughter]
There it is.
[in Italian] There you go.
I should've known.
[in English] I shoulda known. My cousins
from Italy can hump and jump like rabbits.
When y'all ready. we ready
'cause y'all can get this worked again.
- Don't get too cocky.
- Know what I'm saying?
- You had one day. my brother.
- Please.
So does this mean I'm one of Dem Boys?
Am I a dat boy?
- What?
- [laughter]
Yo. your application is still pending.
Okay. well. whatever happens.
thank you for inviting me.
- Yeah. man.
- [Luca] I feel the brotherhood.
It's been hard making friends.
and it's nice. you know. to--
Okay. all right. stop with all this.
like. sappy Hallmark shit.
Yo. nigga. just chill.
Uh. bartender.
can we get a round of Hennessy on him?
- There we go.
- [Luca] Please. please.
Consider this your initiation.
or you like to say in Italian.
"ini-see-zony."
Iniziazione. Okay. Let's do it.
- [Tony] There we go.
- Cheers.
- [Khalil] Whoa!
- Okay.
[Tony] Okay. All right. wait.
Slow down. Yo. you just going with it?
- Yo!
- [Jamal] Yo!
Okay. dog. you tryna die tonight?
Another round of Hennessy and Crown.
Crown!
- Super Black.
- What you know about that?
- I know things.
- [phone pings]
- I'm sorry. Mavis called me.
- Oh. the Mavis!
- [Khalil] "Mavis called me."
- I have to call her back.
Whoa! Pay… pay… pay for the round.
[phone dialing]
Luca.
[Luca] Hey. Mavis. Are you okay?
Oh. I love seeing you
in your sleep bonnet. Mm.
Have you been drinking? You have that look
like you've been drinking.
- Uh. what look?
- Boy. don't look at me like that.
I have to show you something.
Why do you have a sandwich bag
full of pregnancy tests?
Because they're really delicious snacks.
Hello?
I'm pregnant.
What?
Wait. what?
Yes.
But we haven't been doing IVF.
I know. I know! I'm not asking questions.
I'm just accepting it. okay?
I'm pregnant. We're pregnant. Finally.
[speaks Italian]
[in English] I don't know what the hell
you're saying. but I know it's real good.
- Khalil. Mavis is pregnant.
- What?
- Yes.
- Are you serious?
- Yes. I'm gonna be a papà.
- Oh. we gotta celebrate.
- Yeah. Let's celebrate.
- Shots. We need shots!
- Shots!
[cheering]
- [Luca] Oh. I wish I was with you.
- I know. Me too.
I can't believe this.
We're gonna celebrate
when I get home. okay?
It'll be really fun. Should I bring these?
It feels like you want me to say yes.
but I'm gonna say no.
I'll see you soon. Ti amo.
I love you.
Mwah! Mwah!
- [kisses]
- [man] Turn that off.
- Oh my God.
- I'm trying to sleep.
I'm so sorry. It is 3:00 a.m.. okay.
Oh. and…
[in Spanish] …congratulations.
Thank you very much.
[in English] Thank you. Paris.
You are my city.
["Chouchou" by Yoa playing]
- [electro-pop music playing]
- [lyrics in French]
[chimes chiming]
[song continues]
♪ I can make you likе that ♪
♪ Trust me. and you'll like that ♪
♪ I can make you like that ♪
♪ Na-na. na-na. na-na. na-na ♪
[lyrics in French]
♪ I can make you like that ♪
♪ Trust me. and you'll like that ♪
♪ Trust me. and ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm